build: initial CRT support (#45)
hashicorp/consul-aws: README.md

## Contributing

> To build and install `consul-aws` locally, Go version 1.22.2+ is required.

Reviewer: ~~ NBD but strictly speaking, is 1.21 also supported?

Author: I suppose that is true, considering 1.21 will download 1.22.2. I'll update.

## Compatibility with Consul

> `consul-aws` supports the is compatible with supported versions of Consul. 
> At the time of writing this, it means `1.18`, `1.17-ent`, `1.16-ent`, `1.15-ent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`consul-aws` is compatible with supported versions of Consul. 
See [long-term support docs](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/enterprise/long-term-support#long-term-support-lifecycle) for more information.
```
